[Hierarchies-react]: fix initial root loading when no change event is raised (#812)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/smooth-tips-argue.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react": patch
---

> Fixed `UseTree` to return initial root nodes when changed hierarchy event is never raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed tree state hooks not returning root nodes when hierarchy provider doesn't raise the `onHierarchyChanged` event upon setting a hierarchy filter.
```
